>> James Halliday: Some more fun things,
we did combining with deletes.
We can also do search and replace.
So this should be familiar.
It's the same thing we did with Said.
That works in VIM, as well.
So if we want to search a pattern like,
I suppose, we want to search for
the word Dog on the current line and
replace it with cat.
In command mode, you can do :s,
have your pattern like dog, and
replace it with cat by doing :s.
/dog/cat and omit the final trailing slash
if you like doesn't really care or
you can include it.
>> James Halliday: And when you do just
an S by itself just like in said it
will find the first instance and
replace it.
If you wanna do all of the instances
on the current line then you can
put a at the end, the flag using regx for
global substitution.
So if I do :/dog/cat,
then it should replace
all of the dogs on that
current line with cat.
>> James Halliday: So I'm gonna add dog
a few more times into this file, and
then I'll show you how you can do a global
substitution, which is pretty handy,
I do that a lot.
>> James Halliday: Okay, so
if you try to do :s/dog/cat/ on a line
where there's no dog then it's
not gonna replace anything.
Pattern not found: dog.
So, what you can do is
if you do :% s/dog/cat/,
then it's gonna search every
single line in the file.
So if you do that, on very line I replace
the first instance of Dog with cat.
So there's still dog in the file.
If I wanna replace every single instance,
I can add g to that substitution, and
that will replace every single
instance in the file of dog, with cat.
There we go.
>> James Halliday: So I'm doing U and
Ctrl + R which is undo and redo.
So that's kinda.
>> James Halliday: Do you
want to show different?
>> James Halliday: Other flags common
to regex works, like the iflag, for
case insensitivity.
Works just the same as it does and said.